dancing rock'n'roll Bristol Palin and
her partner Mark Ballas
walking out of the bunny costume
let's start with our guest judge Paula
Abdul well I definitely see improvement
Bristol and it looks like you're
starting to have some fun which is very
important and Mark I really appreciate
what you're trying to do as a
choreographer and dancing hard keeping
the pace up you know first of what Mark
trying to do I believe this to keep you
pushing those boundaries because if you
don't push them they end up pushing you
maybe not in the direction you'll want
to go so good job I'm proud of you you
were hitting all those steps very very
fast very very quickly I told you to
focus to remember week one tonight were
focus we were doing your pumping it you
were doing every step as it was shown to
you you didn't lose focus
come out of your shell this way you were
truly blossoming you've lost a little
steam at the end of the performance but
my god wouldn't improve it
the only real failure is the failure to
try and I thought you came out and gave
it your all which is fantastic it had
speed it had energy there was elements
of rock'n'roll jive Lindy all in their
little safe on occasions but for me your
best dance so far